Add FAQ to disable analytics (#2758)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/faq/technical-support.md

If you are running into connection refused errors when running Airbyte via Docker Compose on Mac, try using `host.docker.internal` as the host. On Linux, you may have to modify `docker-compose.yml` and add a host that maps to your local machine using [`extra_hosts`](https://docs.docker.com/compose/compose-file/compose-file-v3/#extra_hosts).

## **Can I disable analytics in Airbyte?**

> Yes you can control what can be send outside of Airbyte for analytics purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes, you can control what's sent outside of Airbyte for analytics purposes.
```

We instrumented some parts of Airbyte for the following reasons:
- measure usage of Airbyte
- measure usage of features & connectors
- collect connector telemetry to measure stability
- reach out to our users if they opt-in
- ...

> However, if you need to disable the telemetry you just need modify the `.env` file and define the two following environment variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To disable telemetry, modify the `.env` file and define the two following environment variables:
```
